[16.0][ADD] mail_hide_chatter_send_message: new module (#1366)
OCA/social: mail_hide_chatter_send_message/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> This module was written to hide the Send Message button on the chatter/
> 
> his is usefull for installations which do not want to send messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module was written to hide the Send Message button on the chatter.

This is useful for installations which do not want to send messages
```

Author: @yostashiro I corrected the description of the module according to your suggestion.
